Added doc about Ryuk in privileged mode when running IT tests (#686)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: development-docs/TESTING.md

The next requirement is to have [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed, because we use [test-containers](https://www.testcontainers.org/). 
In case of interest you can check our implementation of Strimzi `Kafka` container [here](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/tree/main/test-container).

> > The test-containers project uses [Moby Ryuk](https://github.com/testcontainers/moby-ryuk) to automatic cleanup of containers after the execution. Ryuk must be started as a privileged container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `test-containers` project uses [Moby Ryuk](https://github.com/testcontainers/moby-ryuk) to automatic cleanup of containers after the execution. Ryuk must be started as a privileged container.
```

> Running in privileged mode could not apply for all environments by default.  If you get an error like this `java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Requested port (8080) is not mapped` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running in privileged mode might not apply for all environments by default.  If you get an error like `java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Requested port (8080) is not mapped` 
```

> when test-containers tries to start, then you can set `TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_CONTAINER_PRIVILEGED=true` or disable Ryuk by setting `TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_DISABLED=true`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when `test-containers` tries to start, you can set `TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_CONTAINER_PRIVILEGED=true` or disable Ryuk by setting `TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_DISABLED=true`. 
```
